Files search interface (#4510)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/bleve.rst

6. Set **Enable Bleve for search queries** to **true**.
7. Set **Enable Bleve for autocomplete queries** to **true**.

.. note::

> 

Reviewer: I'd remove this line break for consistency - although I tend to use a line break myself, so maybe adding a line break to the other notes is better? I don't think we have a set standard for this - 0/5 for either.

>   File searches performed in Mattermost Cloud or Mattermost Self-Managed from v5.35 will be incomplete for file attachments shared before the file search was made available until a `database migration command <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-extract-documents-content>`__ is executed and the search index is rebuilt. After executing the database migration command, go to **System Console > Experimental > Bleve > Bulk Indexing**, then select **Index Now** to rebuild the search index to include older file attachments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  File searches performed in Mattermost Cloud or Mattermost Server from v5.35 will be incomplete for file attachments shared before the file search was made available until a `database migration command <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-extract-documents-content>`__ is executed and the search index is rebuilt. After executing the database migration command, go to **System Console > Experimental > Bleve > Bulk Indexing**, then select **Index Now** to rebuild the search index to include older file attachments.
```
